Check out a demo [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDU5XLMuY1g)

This project was implemented in the CS50 codespace. In this project, several languages were used; however, our project requires the use of the Flask library within Python to locally host the application. 

We need to open the application to be able to use it. To do so, we must first perform several several steps. First, once the projects directory has been downloaded, open it in the CS50 codespace. Open a new terminal by clicking the three bars on the top left of the codespace - "Application Menu", followed by "Terminal" and "New Terminal". Then, in the terminal, enter the command "cd", followed by "cd project" in order to enter the project directory. Then, in the terminal, enter the command "flask run", which will bring up a blue button to open the website in a new port on the bottom right of the screen, saying "Open in Browser". Click this button, and the application will launch to the login page. Nice, you've successfully compiled and configured the application.

 Now for its use. Since you don't have an account, you will be required to register. Navigate to the register page via the navigation bar in the top right.Enter a username and password into the respective fields, and click the button to submit. If the username entered is not in use already, you will be signed in. In each successive login attempt, enter the same infomration you entered to login to your account. Once logged in, you will have access to a variety of features. 

First, there is a navigation bar along the top of the screen by which you can navigate to the different pages/features of the website. In the "Games" tab, you can find the recent games from the NBA, with home/away teams and respective scores, along with predictions for each game simply by entering the number of days from the current day of access. For example, if you wanted to find games from yesterday, you could simply enter "-1" in the form, and then click the submit button, as -1 would mean 1 day in the past. Similarly, you would just enter 0 to find recent games with scores from today. Once you enter a day difference and get results for games displaying, you will see a button at the bottom of the screen for betting on the current games. You can then click this button, to bet on the games from the day selected. Next, you can select a team for a specific game, enter an amount they want to bet, after which the bet will be purchased (assuming you have the funds in your account). You then will be able to see a complete history of all the bets you made, including the amount of the bet, what team you bet for, when the bet was placed, how much money you gained, etc. By navigating to the Add Cash tab, you can either add or withdraw cash from your account, by first entering an amount, and then clicking 'Add' or 'Withdraw' for the respective field. 

If you then navigate to the "Stats" tab, you will find data on different statistics for the current and previous two seasons from every NBA team in the Eastern and Western conference, including place/position in rankings, wins, losses, etc. 

Finally, if you want to see more information about the authors of this page, you can simply navigate to the "info" tab and proceed to read! Thanks, we hope you enjoyed using our application!


